#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Transport equation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The convection-diffusion equation for the transport of temperature 
\shape italic
T
\shape default
 is
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{\partial T}{\partial t}=-U\frac{\partial T}{\partial x}+k\frac{\partial}{\partial x}(\frac{\partial T}{\partial x})+S
\end{equation}

\end_inset

For a non existing convection case, Equation (1) becomes the diffusion Equation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{\partial T}{\partial t}=k\frac{\partial}{\partial x}(\frac{\partial T}{\partial x})+S
\end{equation}

\end_inset

that, for a steady-state, is 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
0=k\frac{\partial}{\partial x}(\frac{\partial T}{\partial x})+S
\end{equation}

\end_inset

These equations are solved by a Finite Volume Method (FVM) and by a Finite
 Difference Method (FDM).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
References
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Computational Fluid Dynamics Fundamentals Course.
 A.
 Wimshurst.
 2019.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
An Introduction to Computational Fluid Dynamics: The Finite Volume Method.
 H.
 Versteeg, W.
 Malalasekera.
 2007.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Finite Difference Computing with PDEs.
 A Modern Software Approach.
 H.
 Langtangen, S.
 Linge.
 2016.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
